# Initialize the project

Initialize the project :

`truffle init`{{execute}}

Let's see the files and directories generated by this command:

`ls -l`{{execute}}

Several directories are created:
- `test/`: it includes the unit tests; now it’s empty,

`ls -l test/`{{execute}}

- `contracts/`: it includes a Migrations.sol file,

`ls -l contracts/`{{execute}}

The `Migrations.sol` exists.

- `migrations/`: it contains the 1_initial_migration.js file.

`ls -l migrations/`{{execute}}

The `1_initial_migration.js` file exists:

`cat migrations/1_initial_migration.js`{{execute}}

The prefix indicates it’s the first migration of this project. It deploys the Migrations.sol contract as you can see in the file:

- `truffle-config.js`: it's the configuration file for Truffle.

## Configure the project

Let's see its content:

`cat truffle-config.js`{{execute}}

By default, a Migration smart contract is generated. It's already built. Let's try to migrate it:

`truffle migrate`{{execute}}

If you get an error message about network configuration, you have probably to modify the `truffle-config.js` file to set the network configuration. There are default values but you have probably to change them here. For that, the truffle-config.js file must export an object representing the configuration.

`vi truffle-config.js`{{execute}}

Insert in the section `networks: {` the lines:

```
    development: {
      host: "127.0.0.1",
      port: 7545,
      network_id: "*"
    }
```{{copy}}

network_id: "*" allows to match any network

If there was an error, try again to migrate:

`truffle migrate`{{execute}}

## Create the smart contract

Create a HelloWorld smart contract:

`truffle create contract HelloWorld`{{execute}}

`ls -m contracts/`{{execute}}

Display the content of the generated contract:

`cat contracts/HelloWorld.sol`{{execute}}

Edit the content of the `contracts/HelloWorld.sol` as below:

```
contract HelloWorld {

    string public message = "Hello World!";

    function setMessage(string calldata newMessage) external {
        message = newMessage;
    }

    function getMessage() external view returns (string memory) {
        return message;
    }
}
```{{copy}}
